File:4. PGDM Retail Marketing Brochure_Open_new_addition1.pdf
S. P. Mandali’s Prin. L. N. Welingkar Institute of Management Development & Research (PGDM) (WeSchool)
PGDM Retail Management
2023-2025
 2 year full-time AICTE approved Program (60 seats)
Making you ready for tomorrow's retail
Agile, Digital, Experiential: 
The New Customer Journey!
POS
@
S
E-commerce
Sampling
Social 
Media
In-store POS
Mobile
Email
Loyal Customer
Coupons
Walk-inINDEX
About S. P. Mandali’s 
3
About WeSchool
Note from the Group Director 
4
Vision, Mission and Core Values 
5
Why Retail Management?  
6
Program Overview
Program Vision And Mission
Program Educational Objectives
Program Outcomes 
7
Program Pedagogy
Program USP 
9 
Program Structure
Program Curriculum 
10
Program Summary 
11
Program Faculty
Advisory Board Members 
12
Academic Board Members
Batch Profile 
13
Student Achievements 
14
Alumni Testimonials 
15 
Some of our Recruiters 
16
Placement Facts 
Eligibility, Selection Process, Tuition Fees@
S
3
About S. P. Mandali’s
Founded in 1888, Shikshana Prasaraka Mandali is one of the 
pioneers of educational societies in state of Maharashtra. The 
institution since its inception is determined to building an 
environment that encourages the spirit of free thinking, thus 
imparting quality education to more than 45,000 students.
All the institutions of S. P. Mandali are known for their academic 
excellence and attract students from all parts of India. S. P. Mandali 
owns 43 educational institutions in the states of Maharashtra and 
Karnataka including pre-primary, primary, secondary and higher 
secondary schools, colleges for Arts, Science and Commerce, a 
school for hearing impaired children, a therapeutic drug monitoring 
laboratory, an institute carrying out research in Ayurvedic and Herbal 
Medicine and Management Institutes. Having a diversified and 
dynamic module of operation, each institution at S. P. Mandali is 
known for its academic excellence and calls for students from across 
the nation.
About WeSchool
WeSchool is one of India's leading management education institutes with fervor to contribute socially responsible business 
leaders through management education. National Institutional Ranking Framework (NIRF) list of 2022 ranks WeSchool, 
Mumbai in Top 68 B Schools.
The institute's vision to nurture thought leaders and practitioners through inventive education is aligned to the thought 
leadership from Shikshana Prasaraka Mandali Pune, an educational trust legacy that manages 43 equally eminent educational 
institutes in Maharashtra.
The institute's thought process stems from design-thinking approach, thus bridging academia with corporate leaders for an 
industry relevant management education.
Mumbai Campus
Bengaluru Campus
Adv. Shri S K Jain
Chairman Managing Council, 
S P Mandali and CDC, WeSchool
Shri. S R Chitale
Vice-Chairman, Managing Council, 
S P Mandali@
S
4
India has been a major seat of learning for thousands of 
years. The country was home to both Takshashila - the first 
university in the world, and to the inventor of the digit 0 - 
Aryabhaa.  
Lately, India has undergone a paradigm shift owing to its 
competitive stand in the world. The Indian economy is on a 
robust growth trajectory and boasts of a stable 8 plus annual 
growth rate, rising foreign exchange reserves and booming 
capital markets among others.  
Higher education too in India has been a continuous provider 
of innovation, creativity and leadership support to the global 
industry. Some of the world’s leading companies are being 
headed by-products of Indian education system such as 
Satya Nadella, CEO, Microsoft, Sundar Pichai, CEO, Google 
Inc., Ajaypal Singh Banga, President and CEO, MasterCard, 
Rajeev Suri, CEO of Nokia, Indira Nooyi, CEO of Pepsi Co. to 
name a few 
We are fortunate to have the representation of the voice of 
key stakeholders such as policymakers, diplomats, experts, 
industry professionals, members of the academia, and our 
esteemed alumni in the industry, among others for the cause 
of education.  
 
There has never been a better time for management students 
to start their careers in India. With the right skills and 
knowledge, you can take advantage of the many 
opportunities available and help drive the country's 
continued economic growth. 
From the 
Group Director's Desk
The vision of the NEP aims at building a global best 
education system rooted in Indian ethos, and aligned with 
the principles, thereby transforming India into a global 
knowledge superpower. 
The Indian economy is growing at a robust pace and is 
poised to become one of the largest economies in the world. 
This growth has created a huge demand for skilled and 
knowledgeable management professionals who can help 
drive the country's continued economic development. 
As a leading B-school, we have a crucial role to play in 
shaping the future of education and in preparing our students 
to become leaders in their fields. We are committed to 
staying at the forefront of these changes and to providing our 
students with the skills and knowledge they need to succeed 
in a rapidly changing world. 
Over the course of the program, your fellow students 
become trusted colleagues and in many cases, lifelong 
friends. I invite you to embark on your path to academic and 
professional excellence with us at our sprawling campuses in 
Mumbai and Bengaluru which will truly enhance your 
intellectual and personal growth. Keeping design and 
innovation its core, WeSchool endeavors to provide newer 
avenues to students towards achieving excellence in all 
sphere of life and nurture them to become Global Citizen 
Leaders.   
Prof. Dr. Uday Salunkhe 
Group Director, WeSchoolTo nurture thought leaders and practitioners through inventive education.

Focus on inventive education by offering practical, innovative and technology driven 
programs.

Provide managerial talent with risk managing ability, passion for learning and creative 
thinking and values in rapidly evolving economic and social environment.

Contribute significantly to Indian corporate world by preparing Management graduates 
with global mindset.

Build intellectual capital through faculty development, research, consultancy and 
publication.

Develop alumni network of mutual benefit and keep alumni update through continuous 
learning and meeting.
Vision
Mission

Passion

Breakthrough thinking and breakthrough execution

Result oriented process driven work ethics

We link and care
Core Values
@
S
5Why Retail Management?
 The Indian retail sector ranks 4th in the world in terms of size.
 The retail sector accounts for 10 % of India's GDP & contributes 8 % to overall employment.
 Market size expected to touch to US$ 1.75 trillion by 2026, from approx US$ 0.79 Trillion in 2017. Growth in organized retail 
penetration is approximately 12 %. 
 Modern trade is an important part of FMCG and other sectors.
Source: Indian Retail, Certainty Despite Headwinds. Sept 2020
https://rai.net.in/images/insights/RAI-Anarock%20Retail%20Report.pdf
Program Overview
The PGDM Retail Management program at WeSchool has been designed to cater to the glocal (global + local) retail 
environment. The program's transformational cross-disciplinary learning aims to nurture students into a global competent 
professional with leadership abilities and an innovative mindset. 
The program equips the student to understand the contemporary retail environment and examine core retail aspects - Buying 
& Merchandising, Supply Chain Management, Category Management, Franchising, Digital Marketing , Ecommerce, Visual 
Merchandising and Store Operations & Profitability to name a few.
Program Vision And Mission
Vision  
To create professionals who can empathize, contribute, adapt & excel in the fast changing world of retail.
Mission 
 Glocal Business Knowledge: To equip students with business knowledge through theory and application, encompassing 
global and local environment.
 Competencies: To develop communication and leadership skills to enable students to analyze and empathize with the 
needs of retail and allied sectors.
 Practical Knowledge: To impart innovative and the best industry practices through association with thought leaders, 
practitioners and alumni.
Program Educational Objectives
 
To equip students with functional knowledge across retail and allied sectors.
 
To develop  students to identify and analyze business challenges.
 
To inculcate teamwork in students thereby enhancing managerial effectiveness.
 
To develop an agile mindset which will enable adapting to a changing business environment.
@
S
6Program Outcomes
On successful completion of the PGDM Retail Management program, students will be confident professionals and an 
asset to any company. 
Leadership
Innovation
Critical and Analytical Thinking
Communication Skills
Global Perspective
Role of Self in the organization & in society
Retail Business Knowledge
Program Pedagogy
The PGDM Retail management program pedagogy is a unique blend of classroom and industry interface. It includes lectures, 
global citizen leadership projects, events, workshops, live industry projects, mock shops, industry training and case studies 
delivered by highly acclaimed academicians and renowned Industry experts. Industry experts come from companies such as 
Shoppers Stop Limited, Future Group, Lifestyle, Croma, Trent Ltd, Aditya Birla Retail, Myntra, BigBasket and many more 
regularly engage with the students.
To enable the student to excel in work life, the Assessment Centre and Development Centre (AC And DC) exercise is 
conducted. The assessment centre focuses on a set of varied exercises, which are designed to simulate different aspects of 
the work environment. The AC exercises assess closely demonstrated behaviours in students which are considered desirable 
for various organisational roles. This exercise helps the students identify their key strengths & key areas of development, which 
are then taken forward by Faculty mentors in the Development Centre.
@
S
7
Retail Roundtable 2019
Name of invited Guest Speakers:
Ramesh Natrajan - Litmus World, Co-founder & CEO, Siju Narayan - Loyalty Juggernaut India, GM- APAC
 Uday Varma - Trent Hypermarket Pvt Ltd.,Director Commercial, Sujata Goel - McDonald's India, GM & HOD Communication
Samir Srivastav - Jean Claude Biguine, Salon & Spa, CEO, Kavita Vyas - Kotak Bank, VP- Digital Products
Anil Shankar - Shoppers Stop Ltd., CCA & VP solution & TechnologyRetail Club - Mr. Nirav Jagad, Chief People Officer, Nykaa – Online Retailing
Indicative List of Guest sessions held in 2019-21
Name
Designation
Company
Topic
Ms. Mugdha Khandekar
Associate Director, 
Product Management
Myntra
Omnichannel Retailing
Mr. Uday Varma
Director, Product
Trent Hyper 
Market Limited
Careers in Retail and 
Required Skill Sets
Mr. Jaysagar Gandhi
Assistant Category Manager
Star Bazaar
From Campus to 
Corporate
Mr. Jyoti S Das
Brand Manager
Calvin Klein Watches + 
Jewellery, Swatch Group 
Luxury Retail
Mr. Vallabh Soudagar
Senior Vice President & 
Group Business Head, 
FMCG & Fresh Food
Reliance Retail
Food & Grocery
Ms. Shaista Khan
Category Operations 
Manager - Beauty
Tata Cliq
Category Management
Mr. Nishant Grover
Manager, 
Digital Marketing
Tata Housing Development 
Company Limited
Digital Marketing
Mr. Ashutosh Taparia
Regional Business Head
BigBasket
Category Management 
for Etailing
Mr. Vishal Shah
Head of Property
Trent Hypermarket
Store Location
Mr. Varkey Joseph
Head, Centre Of Excellence
Raymond
Retail Customer 
Experience
@
S
8@
S
9
Program USP
The key distinguishing feature of this 2 years Program is the unique blend of general management and retail management 
subjects. In addition, students have the flexibility to choose a specialization in Marketing, Operations, Finance and HR in their 
second year. Students get opportunities to learn about the multi-disciplinary elements of retail pertinent to their chosen field of 
specialization. 
Field visits and live projects enhance subject assimilation. Weyapaar - the retail club at WeSchool plays a key role in shaping 
the students' learning experience. Industry guest sessions, workshops and roundtable discussions add to the experiential 
learning.
Program Structure
The key distinguishing feature of this 2 years program is the unique blend of general management and retail management 
subjects and the flexibility to choose a specialization in Marketing, Operations, Finance and HR.
The key retail subjects include Store Operations & Profitability, Buying & Merchandising, Category Management, Supply Chain 
Management, Ecommerce, Digital Marketing, Visual Merchandising, Business Environment and Retail Analytics.
In addition to the classroom learning, students gain enhanced and experiential learning through various industry interface 
engagements such as:
Retail Immersions - Aimed at enabling a hands-on practical exposure to various dimensions and functional areas of retail. In 
2019 the companies where the students spent a day learning the various functions of retail were Reliance Retail, Future Group, 
High Street Phoenix and Trent. In 2020 the Immersion was done virtually with Big Basket. Over the academic year multiple such 
Immersions are a part of the student's learning experience. This includes Store Visits, Warehouse Visit, Visual Merchandising 
Activity, etc.
Retail Selling Skills Workshop - Students undergo a practical training on the shop floor to understand all the functions in a 
retail selling environment. They are exposed to interacting with customers and doing actual sales on the shop floor. Each 
student spends a total of 24 hrs on the shop floor doing sales. In the year 2019 the retailer was Mr. DIY.
Retail Round Table and Retail Conferences - The aim of the Roundtable conference is to showcase the talent of the students 
to the industry and at the same time provide the students with an enhanced learning from the industry perspective. The theme 
for the Retail Roundtable in 2019 was “Retail 4.0: High Tech – High Touch Retail”. Through the year students have an 
opportunity to attend various conferences and seminars hosted by Retailers Association of India - like Retail Leadership 
Summit, Retail Technology Conclave and other such conferences to learn from Industry experts.
Weyapaar: The Retail Club - The Retail Club was initiated and is organized by the PGDM-RM students. It is a platform that 
enables knowledge sharing and idea creation. It gives the students an exposure to the industry through interactive sessions 
with senior experts from the industry. It helps the students gain an understanding of contemporary retail topics.
The Retail Times - The Retail Times is a fortnightly e-Newsletter, led by the students, which aims to share leading news about 
retail across the globe with the students.Trimester I
Perspective Management
Economics for The Retail Business
Effective Business Communication
Business Statistics
Essentials of World Class Operations 
Marketing Management Basics
Financial Reporting & Analysis
Organization Behaviour Part I - Individuals in 
Organizations
Basics of Retailing
Introduction to Emerging Technologies
Trimester II
Retail Business Environment, Policy and Strategy
Basics & Practical Applications of Corporate 
Governance
Basics of Banking, Financial Services and Insurance
Organization Behaviour Part II- Managing Group 
Dynamics
Legal Aspects of Retail
Business Research Methods and Marketing Research
Cost & Management Accounting
Marketing Application And Strategy 
Essentials of Supply Chain Management
Global Citizen Leader – I
Business Innovation and Application
Store Location, Store Design and Visual Merchandising
Trimester III
 Optimization Analytics
 Global Citizen Leader - II 
 Project Management
 Understanding Consumers in Retail
 Fundamentals of Financial Management
 Business Taxation
 Human Resource Management 
 Retail Store Operations and Mall Management
 Retail Selling & Negotiation Skills
Trimester IV
Retail Buying and Merchandising
Retail Analytics
Retail Supply Chain Management and Logistics
Digital Marketing
Integrative Manager
International Business
Summer Project
Program Curriculum
Electives: Marketing Specialisation (any 2 credits)
Advanced Business Analytics I
Customer Experience and Relationship Management
Integrated Marketing Communications
Product & Brand Management
Brand Management – I
Technology in Marketing
Electives: Finance Specialisation (any 2 credits)
Fundamentals of Banking
Advanced Business Analytics I
Wealth Management
Advanced Financial Management
Financial Risk Management
Analysis of Financial Statements
Technology for Finance, Banking and Financial Services
Electives: Human Resource Specialisation (any 2 credits) 
Competency Assessment, Management & Performance 
Management Systems
Learning, Training & Development
HR Analytics
Talent Management
HR Lab
Electives: Operation Specialisation (any 2 credits) 
Productivity Techniques
Production Planning and Control Systems
Business Process Reengineering & Improvements
Operations in Services
Quantitative Techniques for Operations
Enterprise Resource Planning Packages for Operations
Trimester V
Integrative Manager
Sustainability in Business
Category Management
International Retail & Strategy
E-commerce
Electives: Marketing Specialisation (any 2 credits)
Sales Management & Promotion
Marketing Finance
Rural Marketing
Advanced Business Analytics – II
Brand Management – II
International Marketing
Marketing Decision Models
@
S
10@
S
11
Electives: Finance Specialisation (any 2 credits)
Security Analysis & Portfolio Management
Financial Modeling & Econometrics
Advanced Banking
Strategic Cost Management
Corporate Law
Advanced Business Analytics – II
Electives: Human Resource Specialisation (any 2 credits) 
Global and National Work Force Planning and 
Human Resource Audit
Employer Branding
Global & Strategic HRM
Organizational Development and Change Management
Diversity and Inclusion
HR Issues in Mergers & Acquisitions
Electives: Operation Specialisation (any 2 credits)
Excellence in Manufacturing & Sustainability
Design & New Product Development
Operations Analytics & Internet Of Things
Quality & Reliability
Complex Problem Solving and Six Sigma
Trimester VI
Franchise Management
Ethics and Corporate Governance
Retail Specialization Project
Program Summary
The key distinguishing feature of this 2 years program is the unique blend of general management and retail management 
subjects. In addition, students have the flexibility to choose a specialization in Marketing, Operations, Finance and HR in their 
second year. The program's transformational cross-disciplinary learning aims to nurture students into a global competent 
professional with leadership abilities and an innovative mindset. The program pedagogy is a unique blend of classroom and 
industry interface.
Program Faculty
Prof. Dr. Swapna Pradhan
Dean Academics - Full time Programs
Dr. Mahima Mathur
Associate Professor - Retail
Dr. Shazia Khan
Associate Professor - Retail
Dr. Priti Saxena
Assistant Professor - Retail
Ms. Ann Mathew
Assistant Professor - Retail
Dr. Swapnil Desai
Assistant Professor - Retail@
S
12
Advisory Board Members
Name 
Designation 
Organisation
Dr. Jagdish Sheth
Padma Bhushan
Professor of Marketing
Emory University, USA
Mr. Kishore Biyani
Founder & Group CEO 
Future Group
Mr Bijou Kurien
Independent Director
Chairman ( since 30.9.2020)
Mindtree Limited
Retailers Association of India
Mr Krish Iyer
Chairman & Partner
Rational Equity Partners LLP
Independent Director
Proctor & Gamble Hygiene & 
Healthcare India Ltd.
Former - CEO &  President
Walmart India
Mr Amit Jatia
Vice Chairman
Hardcastle (McDonalds) West & South
Kumar Rajagopalan 
CEO
Retailers Association of India
Mr Abheek Singhi
Senior Partner & Managing Director
The Boston Consulting Group, Mumbai.
Asia Pacific Leader, Consumer & Retail Practice
Mr. Hari Menon 
Co-Founder & CEO
BigBasket.com
Mr. Ganesh Subramanian
Founder & CEO 
Stylumia
Mr. G.R. Venkatesh
Chief Human Resource Officer
Reliance Retail Limited
Prof. Dr. Ashok Som
Founding Director
ESSEC-Parsons Executive 
Masters in Luxury
Management & Design Innovation
Academic Board Members
Name 
Designation 
Organisation
Mr. Varkey Joseph
Head Centre of Excellence
Raymond
Mr. Altaf Jiwani (Alumnus)
 
Director & CFO
Welspun India Ltd.
Mr. Rajat Wahi 
Partner
Deloitte INDIA
Ms. Diya Suri
Director - People Resources
Hardcastle Restaurants India (McDonald's)
Ms. Deepshikha Surendran
Head - Communications
Tata Trusts
Mr. Uday Varma
Director - Commercial 
Trent Hypermarkets Ltd
Mr. Sandeep Ranade
Executive Director
Co-Lead, West (Quantitative) & Key
Account Director - Insights
 
Kantar India
Mr. Ritesh Ghosal
Chief of Marketing & Insights
Infiniti Retail (CROMA)
Mr. Sanjay Nadkarni 
Chief Business Officer
Medisync Health Management Services
Mr. Madhusudan Desai
Chief Operating Officer
Lakewood Malls Private Ltd
Prof. Dr Piyush Kumar Sinha
Director
CRI Advisory
Mr. Devadas Nair
Chief Supply Chain Officer
Shoppers Stop Ltd69%
31%
Batch Profile
Basic Education Qualification Pie Chart
3%
73%
5%
19%
Arts
Science
Engineering
Commerce
2020-22 
5%
73%
18%
4%
Arts
Science
Engineering
Commerce
5%
77%
7%
11%
Arts
Science
Engineering
Commerce
2021-23
2022-24
Work Experience Pie Chart
64%
Work-Experience
Fresher
2020-22 
72%
28%
2021-23
2022-24
36%
Work-Experience
Fresher
Work-Experience
Fresher
@
S
13Student Achievements
Name of Competition 
Regnant Populi-Nationwide 
HR Case Study Competition
Institute
Date
Names of Students
Position 
Secured
Mode 
(Online/Offline)
IIT Kanpur
Oct-21
Riya Narula
Juhi Thanvi
Winner
Online
International IEEE Conference 
on technologies for future cities
Pillai College 
of Engineering
Oct-21
Gaurav Chaturvedi
Kaiwalaya Deshmukh
Sanjay Dutt Sharma
Brajnandan Asati 
First 
Position 
Offline
HRMony- HR & 
Management Event
IIM 
Ahmedabad
Oct-21
Riya Narula
Juhi Thanvi
First 
Runner Up 
Online 
AIMS Student Paper 
Competition 
AIMS
Aug-21
Sunakshi Vig
Vinit Hule
Ajay Khot 
Gold 
Award 
Winner
Online 
Manthan Hackathon 2021
AICTE, BPRD
Dec-21
Anushka Agarwala 
Karan Prajapat 
MalvikaParulekar
Shivani Thakur 
Sairanjani Chandrashekar
National 
Winners
Online
We4tech
Welingkar 
College 
Jan-22
Shivani Mishra 
Sachi Makharia 
Puberun Hazarika 
Saheb, Shonali
 Winner
Online
Yudh
K J Somiya
Feb-22
Nishil Shah
Raman Agrawal
 3rd
Online
Ad-Parody
NMIMS
Jan-22
Mayank Singh 
Nihali Bisen 
Shivani Jaiswal
 Runner-up
Online
aHRticulate - Article Writing
SIBM Pune
Oct-21
Akshay Thakkar
3rd
Online
@
S
14@
S
15
Alumni Testimonials
The Journey at Weschool, Mumbai has been a very rewarding journey, right from outbound activity to 
business festival, projects, competitions and industrial visits. Weschool provided several opportunities to 
work in team-based settings in a dynamic environment.  We were encouraged and supported to participate 
in B-school competitions. These experiences improved my skills in communication, leadership, 
networking, team building and presentation.
The PGDM Retail Management program provided a unique and distinctive proposition of learning through 
the engaging lectures from the esteemed in-house faculty and visiting professors with both industry and 
academic experience. The PGDM-RM program has a unique blend of general management and core retail 
management subjects with the flexibility to choose a specialization in Marketing, Operations, Finance and 
HR. The highlight of the PGDM-RM for me apart from the well-designed course structure was the various 
interactions which were a part of the retail club, the roundtable conferences and multiple industry visits that 
happened regularly during the program.
I was placed from campus at Deloitte USI as an Analyst, a role which demands cross-industry knowledge, 
excellent communication, team-building and soft skills and the two years with WeSchool have moulded me 
to be the best. In addition to the academics, it is the podium that Weschool, Mumbai gave  me for the 
development of my leadership skills and the network that I built with faculties, staff, batch mates which I will 
cherish for a lifetime.
- Nitanshi Saxena (PGDM-Retail Management 2019-21, WeSchool Mumbai)
Deloitte USI - Analyst (General Secretary)
“
Life at Welingkar was an enriching experience. It strikesthe right balance between giving you the freedom to 
be creative yet moulding you into a professional irrespective of the stream you're from and the sector you 
choose to get into after Welingkar. Everything is well planned, from the point of infrastructure to the 
curriculum and the quality of faculty, all this contributes to provide you with the right launchpad for not just 
your career but for LIFE. There are a multitude of opportunities for young aspiring students to network or 
team up with the best minds to create something fulfilling and not be confined by the boundaries of a set 
pattern or bound by theoretical concepts. The culture organically leads students to apply a lot of the 
concepts and get hands on experience of everything they're learning in the classrooms.
The retail program is one of a kind. It was the most detailed program for me with respect to preparing me for 
the Retail Industry. It is paced just right- to start from the foundation of retail concepts and gradually leads to 
more advanced subjects that are extremely industry oriented. Subjects like Retail Store Operations, Visual 
Merchandising, Retail Buying & Merchandising and others lay the foundation of understanding of the retail 
industry and go a long way in nurturing a student like me who were keen to get into this exciting industry. 
Moreover, since many of the faculties have a substantial retail industry experience, they would actually act 
like mentors and not professors, ensuring that the conversation inside the classroom in engaging and that 
of a student - mentor relationship. This is the reason that professors don't speak like teachers here but more 
like industry leaders and visionaries.
I was fortunate to get into Croma as my final placement and the entire journey of Welingkar had various 
milestones that carved this path for me to reach where I am. From the point of placement to settling down in 
my first job after Welingkar, all the concepts learnt during the course ensured that my onboarding in the job 
role was seamless. I started my journey in Croma as a buyer and it was imperative for a buyer to understand 
everything from store operations to merchandising to legal aspects of retail to taxation. Much of the things 
learnt in college put me ahead of the pack of Management Trainees that recruited at the same time. The fact 
that I was able to crack the interview for a buyer's profile in a large format retailer like Croma with no prior 
retail experience speaks volume about this program that moulded me into the professional I am.  
- Hiren Shah (PGDM-Retail Management 2013-15, WeSchool Mumbai)
Reliance Retail - Senior Manager, Buying
“
“
“S. P. Mandali's Prin. L. N. Welingkar Institute of Management Development & Research (PGDM) (WeSchool)
L. Napoo Road, Matunga (Central Railway), Matunga, Mumbai 400 019. Phone: 022 24198300 Extn. 8822 / 8151  I  www.welingkar.org
Eligibility
A minimum 50% in graduation, which must be completed by June 2023.
Should have taken CAT (2022) conducted by the IIMs for the year specified in the advertisement (IIMS have no role in the 
Welingkar admission process) and /or/ XAT (2023) / and / or ATMA (Feb 2023) and / or CMAT (2023) and / or GMAT (2020 
onwards).
Selection Process
WeSchool's unique profile based selection process assigns significant value to academic performances, work experience, 
Group Activity, Personal Interview along with the written test scores.
Tuition Fee
Tuition Fee Rs. 6,50,000/- p.a. (subject to change) 
Interim Placement Facts (2021-2023)
`18.00 
Maximum Salary
LACS PA
`11.40
Median Salary
LACS PA
`11.69
Average Salary
LACS PA
Placement Facts (2020-2022)
`17.50 
Maximum Salary
LACS PA
`9.00
Median Salary
LACS PA
`9.62
Average Salary
LACS PA
NEOTERIC COMMUNICATIONS
Some of our recruiters
File:3. PGDM Rural Brochure_final_Open_new_addition_artwork.pdf
S.P MANDALI’S

‘we school

Welingkar Education

Creating Corporate
Managers with
Rural Insights

 

\h
PGDM Rural Management y

(Emerging Economies)

Gold Winner:
Institution that has contributed in

2023-202 5 creating ‘Future Leaders for Rural!
(RMAI - Rural Marketing
Association of India Flame

2 year full-time AICTE approved Program (60 seats) Awards Asia 2020)

S. P. Mandali’s Prin. L. N. Welingkar Institute of Management Development & Research (PGDM) (WeSchool)INDEX

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

About S. P. Mandali’s 4
About WeSchool
Recognitions and Rankings
From the Group Director’s Desk 5
Vision, Mission and Core Values 6
Program Vision 7
Program Mission
Why Rural Management?
What is Rural Management?
Program Overview
Program Educational Objectives 8
Program USP

Innovative and Transformative Pedagogy

Extensive Experiential Learning

Exploring the Grassroots

Rural Round Table Conference - ‘AuRuM’

Rural Club
Program Faculty 9
Exploring the Grassroots 10
Rural Round Table Conference - ‘AuRuM’
Rural Clubs
Global Citizen Leader Program (GCL) 14
Program Structure
Curriculum 12
Recent Accolades 13
Student Achievements
Our Recruiting Partners 14
Industry-Profiles 15
Placement Facts
International Partnerships 16
Class of 2021-23
Alumni Testimonials 17
Eligibility, Selection Process, Tuition Fees, Program Summary 19About S. P. Mandali’s

Founded in 1888, Shikshana Prasaraka Mandali is one of the
pioneers of educational societies in state of Maharashtra. The
institution since its inception is determined to building an
environment that encourages the spirit of free thinking, thus
imparting quality education to more than 45,000 students.

All the institutions of S. P. Mandali are known for their academic
excellence and attract students from all parts of India. S. P.
Mandali owns 43 educational institutions in the states of
Maharashtra and Karnataka including pre-primary, primary,
secondary and higher secondary schools, colleges for Arts,
Science and Commerce, a school for hearing impaired
children, a therapeutic drug monitoring laboratory, an institute
carrying out research in Ayurvedic and Herbal Medicine and
Management Institutes. Having a diversified and dynamic
module of operation, each institution at S. P. Mandali is known
for its academic excellence and calls for students from across
the nation.

About WeSchool

 

Adv. Shri S K Jain
Chairman Managing Council,
S P Mandali and CDC, WeSchool

aa
Shri. S R Chitale
Vice-Chairman, Managing Council,
S P Mandali

WeSchool is one of India's leading management education institutes with fervor to contribute socially responsible business
leaders through management education. National Institutional Ranking Framework (NIRF) list of 2022 ranks WeSchool,

Mumbai in Top 68 B Schools.

The institute's vision to nurture thought leaders and practitioners through inventive education is aligned to the thought
leadership from Shikshana Prasaraka Mandali Pune, an educational trust legacy that manages 43 equally eminent educational

institutes in Maharashtra.

The institute's thought process stems from design-thinking approach, thus bridging academia with corporate leaders for an

industry relevant management education.

Recognitions and Rankings

institutions, by “The Week”

oO ©

WeSchool ranked 1st in Private affiliated colleges and 19th in private
B-Schools nationally, 5th in west zone and 1st in Mumbai by Outlook

WeSchool ranked 26th nationally and 11th among the private

Honoured with 5 stars for the IIC 2.0 by the Ministry of EducationFrom the
Group Director's Desk

India has been a major seat of learning for thousands of
years. The country was home to both Takshashila - the first
university in the world, and to the inventor of the digit 0 -
Aryabhata.

Lately, India has undergone a paradigm shift owing to its
competitive stand in the world. The Indian economy is ona
robust growth trajectory and boasts of a stable 8 plus annual
growth rate, rising foreign exchange reserves and booming
capital markets among others.

Higher education too in India has been a continuous provider
of innovation, creativity and leadership support to the global
industry. Some of the world’s leading companies are being
headed by-products of Indian education system such as
Satya Nadella, CEO, Microsoft, Sundar Pichai, CEO, Google
Inc., Ajaypal Singh Banga, President and CEO, MasterCard,
Rajeev Suri, CEO of Nokia, Indira Nooyi, CEO of Pepsi Co. to
name afew

We are fortunate to have the representation of the voice of
key stakeholders such as policymakers, diplomats, experts,
industry professionals, members of the academia, and our
esteemed alumni in the industry, among others for the cause
of education.

There has never been a better time for management students
to start their careers in India. With the right skills and
knowledge, you can take advantage of the many
opportunities available and help drive the country's
continued economic growth.

The vision of the NEP aims at building a global best
education system rooted in Indian ethos, and aligned with
the principles, thereby transforming India into a global
knowledge superpower.

The Indian economy is growing at a robust pace and is
poised to become one of the largest economies in the world.
This growth has created a huge demand for skilled and
knowledgeable management professionals who can help
drive the country's continued economic development.

As a leading B-school, we have a crucial role to play in
shaping the future of education and in preparing our students
to become leaders in their fields. We are committed to
staying at the forefront of these changes and to providing our
students with the skills and knowledge they need to succeed
in arapidly changing world.

Over the course of the program, your fellow students
become trusted colleagues and in many cases, lifelong
friends. | invite you to embark on your path to academic and
professional excellence with us at our sprawling campuses in
Mumbai and Bengaluru which will truly enhance your
intellectual and personal growth. Keeping design and
innovation its core, WeSchool endeavors to provide newer
avenues to students towards achieving excellence in all
sphere of life and nurture them to become Global Citizen
Leaders.

Prof. Dr. Uday Salunkhe
Group Director, WeSchool\l7

/

71\

\

Vision

To nurture thought leaders and practitioners through inventive education.

Mission

» Focus on inventive education by offering practical, innovative and technology driven
programs.

«= Provide managerial talent with risk managing ability, passion for learning and creative
thinking and values in rapidly evolving economic and social environment.

« Contribute significantly to Indian corporate world by preparing Management graduates
with global mindset.

« Build intellectual capital through faculty development, research, consultancy and
publication.

« Develop alumni network of mutual benefit and keep alumni update through continuous
learning and meeting.

Core Values

« Passion
« Breakthrough thinking and breakthrough execution
«= Result oriented process driven work ethics

» We link and careProgram Vision
“Creating corporate managers with rural insights”

This vision of the program emphasizes on the increasing role played by rural sector in the Indian economy, leading the way for
innovation, entrepreneurship and growth. As businesses see the value of rural India in creating and sustaining growth, skilled
managers are needed to drive the business in distant, untested markets. These managers require the skills, knowledge and
attitude to work for such organization, creating value for businesses as well as rural communities. The Rural Management
Program at WeSchool synergies this unmet need of the market.

Program Mission

The Program is dedicated to enriching students' lives by providing modern education synergised with rural sector knowledge

and practical experience, with added focus on developing a broader outlook and leadership qualities by focusing on:

¢ Contemporary Education: To develop acurriculum in tune with emerging trends in industry and in Rural sector.

¢ Broader Outlook: To facilitate the students' understanding of the Rural enterprises in the broader context of Economic
Policy.

¢ Practical Exposure: To enable the students to engage with Rural Businesses by imparting specialized classroom-training
backed by practical, field-level experience.

¢ Leadership Qualities: To create / Nurture future managers with leadership skills, innovation skills and ability of application
of technology in businesses.

Why Rural Management?

As urban markets are becoming saturated, rural markets hold the potential for future growth. There is a shortage of trained
business managers who understand the pulse of the rural sector and can provide businesses with insights into this emerging
market. This has resulted in a sustained demand in the corporate sector for Rural Management specialists. The sunrise sector,
touted as the growth engine of the future, is expected to boom and employ the majority of the world's workforce in the coming
years.

What is Rural Management?

Rural management is the application of management principles to rural-facing businesses in order to create sustainable wealth
in an inclusive and empowering way. It focuses on the holistic integration of people and businesses with value creation for
bottom of the pyramid masses.

Program Overview

Professionally trained and skilled Managers, with Rural perspective, are essential to create and manage businesses, aiming
for long term sustained growth, for rural-facing companies, cooperatives, development sector organisations, and government

agencies etc and thus become potential growth catalysts for India, Rural India in particular.

Weschool's PGDM-Rural Management program aims to develop a young cadre of market ready Rural Managers for these
challenging opportunities.The Rural Management program graduates have wider career scope across industry verticals due to in-built features of the
program which develop in them broader adaptability, holistic view, higher tenacity, empathy, grassroots level knowledge of
rural India and expanding rural markets across the country.

Since the start of the Rural Management program in 2012 at Weschool, it has been well received by students and recruiters, as
seen from students’ preference and recruitment trends. Contrary to popular belief, the career prospects in the Rural market
space span way beyond agri-business and spread across various industries and sectors such as BFSI & Fintech Companies,
FMCG & consumer durables, IT & ITES, Telecom, Manufacturing, Energy, Infrastructure, E-Commerce & other Digital domain

companies to name a few.

Program Educational Objectives

The PGDM-Rural Management program curriculum is designed to

achieve the following Program Educational Objectives :

¢ The program will enable students to work effectively in management
roles in rural businesses / industry verticals in existing and emerging
markets in finance, sales, marketing, and operations.

¢ The program will provide ability to develop empathy, tenacity,
multitasking skills, and ability to communicate with rural communities
as well as business functionaries in rural focused companies

¢ The program will enable students to actively contribute to value
creation that requires cutting edge knowledge of the sector and
effective use of empowering technologies for rural communities.

FINANCE

MULTITASKING
RURAL COMMUNITIES
DEVELOP EMPATHY SKILLS
BUSINESS FUNCTIONARIES
EMPOWERING
TECHNOLOGIES
RRO MARKETING SALES
RURAL FOCUSED COMPANIES

TENACITY

Program USP

Innovative and Transformative Pedagogy

The Rural Management program uses an innovative approach to learning and experiencing the grassroots through rural field
studies, study tours, industry visits, international exposure through guest faculty and site visits and extensive interaction with
the industry.

The transformative pedagogy includes lectures, on-field rural projects, industry visits and research experience through rural
internships and provides premium knowledge of Rural Management along with the skills of general management which is
delivered by highly acclaimed academicians and renowned Industry experts from top listed companies.

The “Agri-lab” at WeSchool is meant to ensure effective learning of the agriculture-based subjects through Immersion based
learning by doing.

Extensive Experiential Learning

The major distinguishing feature of this 2 years Program is an embedded rural internship of 4 months, which provides a
dedicated practical exposure to the needs and aspirations, lifestyles, culture and beliefs of the people residing in the smaller
towns and villages of India. The uniqueness of the program is its focus on value creation through development of sustainable
business models in the rural space.

60 days

Summer Internship in Rural
Sector with companies

45 days

Academic Research
Project in Rural Sector

5 days

Exploring the
Grassroots-|

10 days

Exploring the
Grassroots-llProgram Faculty

 

Prof. Dr. C. S. Deshpande
Professor

 

Dr. Jayakrishnan Nair
Associate Professor

 

Mr. Sagar Shrikrishna Deshmukh
Assistant Professor

 

 

Dr. Rachana Patil Dr. Vandana Panwar
Associate Professor and Associate Professor
Program Incharge-Rural Management

  

Dr. Mrinal Phalle Mrs. Indu Mehta
Assistant Professor Assistant Professor

 

Ms. Sujata lyer

Assistant Professor10

Exploring the Grassroots

The rural immersion learning based course designed to address the need to make future business managers and policy makers
sensitized towards the people at the grassroots. It provides hands on experience of the 'Bottom of the Pyramid’ people,
understanding the consumer needs and the market potential. It gives them an opportunity to experience the ecosystem, the

economy, the social structure and the life at grassroots level in an Indian village.

 

Rural Round Table Conference-'AuRuM'

‘AuRuM' - A rural theme based roundtable conference in partnership with the industry is organized annually by the core team of
Rural Management at WeSchool. It provides a platform for interaction between industry and Weschool in the rural space for
knowledge sharing and ongoing relationships for mutual benefit. On a neutral platform, the industry shares its wisdom and
innovative ideas with other stakeholders.

 

Rural Clubs

Rural Management students at Weschool imbibe the rural insights through multiple initiatives: Gram Samachaar-Students'

Newsletter, Samachaar-Movie Club, Talking Heads, Debate Club, Book club which together forms a vibrant industry-academia
interface for learning.

The Gram Samachaar-Students' Newsletter was first launched in 2018 by the PGDM-Rural Management (Emerging
Economies) students of Batch 2017-19. It is a monthly magazine; of the students, for the students, and by the students. It
embodies the philosophy of WeSchool's Rural Management program: empathetic, tenacious, and persuasive transformational
leadership.

The Sanchaar-Media club assists students in giving them practical and industry exposure in a variety of program verticals
through documentaries, brief pertinent films, expert talks, and entrepreneurial talks. After seeing the videos, there is
conversation focused on what was learned, what was taken away, and what was observed. Additionally, the members also
posta variety of events and activities organized by the rural team and students on the Rural LinkedIn profile.

Talking Heads club, a series of guest lectures has been launched by PGDM-Rural Management (Emerging Economies), with
the goal of educating the students to meet the issues they would confront in the workplace. These special input sessions
prepare our students so that they are not just theoretically educated but also practically equipped, given the rapid rate of our
progress and the gradual replacement of our daily lives by technologies like drones and driverless cars. Thus, it helps our
students become international leaders and professionals by adopting global practices.Book clubs foster a love of reading in a supportive setting. It helps in developing reading habits with more deep understanding
and with diverse perspectives. This dynamic builds and reinforce relationships. It also makes a student more comfortable and
confident in professional discussions.

Debate club helps to enhance the sectoral knowledge of students on contemporary issues. To strengthen critical thinking
ability in students. To develop effective communication skills in students. Students will be able to generate coherent logical
statements on a topic or issue, using secondary research. Students will be able to compare ideas, concepts, investigate and
find evidence to generate and support logical statements.

Global Citizen Leader Program (GCL)

GCL program , a unique field project based initiative for integrated learning in the curriculum, provides students with inputs on

leadership and innovation through design thinking. It strikes a balance between the creative problem-solving skills of an

innovator and the soft skills of a leader. Students get well equipped to lead others in developing solutions to problems and

issues which have significance to business and the society at large. Most of the projects are based upon ‘Challenge

statements’ sourced from the corporate. Some of such notable projects are:

¢ How may we develop innovative commercial agribusiness model for hydroponic crops, with focussed market analysis for
Domestic and Export markets.

¢ How may we prepare a sustainable business plan for a seed company to face the impact of climate change issues on their
business?

¢ Impact on rural consumer behaviour due to changing technology and online marketing in agricultural irrigation combined
with solar power

¢ Developing a prototype of Urban Mushroom farming for Mumbai

 

Program Structure

PGDM (Rural Management) program provides students core management curriculum across all domains in 1st year along with
immersive courses on rural ecosystems inside the classroom and on field.

The rural courses are foundational, followed by increasing levels of learning as the students progresses through the year 1 with
focus on all main verticals in rural business environment. Year 2 includes a spectrum of electives that allow students to choose
from within a bucket of domain related courses of their choice along with Rural focused courses that give deeper knowledge of
arural facing business vertical.

On successful completion of the PGDM-Rural Management (Emerging Economies) program, student will be a Corporate

Manager with leadership qualities and innovative mindset, able to think out-of-the-box and find ingenious solutions to the
problems faced by the rural sector, based on deep insights in rural emerging markets.Curriculum

Trimester-|

¢ Perspective Management

¢ Effective Business Communication

¢ Organizational Behaviour Part | - Individuals in
Organizations

¢ Business Statistics

¢ Introduction to Emerging Technologies

¢ Managerial Economics

¢ Financial Reporting and Analysis

¢ Principles of Marketing

¢ Essentials of World Class Operations

¢ Rural Development in India

¢ Exploring the Grassroots-|

* Yoga - 1

Trimester-Il

¢ Global Citizen Leader

¢ Thinking Tools for Innovators

¢ Research Methodology

¢ Rural Marketing Strategy

¢ Distribution & Supply Chain Management

¢ Macro Economics and Business Environment

* Cost and Management Accounting

¢ Basics and Practical Applications of Corporate
Governance

¢ Organizational Behaviour Il- Managing Group Dynamics

¢ Rural Society and Polity

¢ Exploring the Grassroots II

¢ Sector Analysis

* Collective Action and Cooperation

* Yoga-2

Trimester-Ill

¢ Global Citizen Leader

¢ Designing a Business Plan

¢ Business Analytics

¢ Agricultural Economics

¢ Agricultural Input Management

¢ Agri Lab

« Rural Consumer Behaviour

¢ Human Resource Management

¢ Priority Sector Lending and Microfinance
¢ Fundamentals of Financial Management
* Selling & Negotiation Skills

¢ Market Research for rural

¢ Project Management

¢ Universal Human values

« Yoga-3

Trimester-IV

Core Subjects

¢ International Business
¢ Sustainable Practices and Climate Change Issues
¢ International Marketing (Emerging Economies)
¢ Hi-Tech Agriculture
¢ Fundamentals of Banking
¢ Summer Internship Project

Core Electives (Any 2-3 courses based on credits)
¢ Advance Financial Management
¢ Business Taxation
¢ Performance Management Systems And Competency

Assessment Management
¢ HR Lab
¢ Talent Management
* Talent Acquisition
¢ Learning Training & Development
¢ HR Analytics
¢ Integrated Marketing Communication (Rural)
¢ Product & Brand Management
¢ Advanced Business Analytics
¢ Advanced Quality Reliability Productivity Management
¢ Agri-Price Risk Management & Commodities Market
¢ HR Analytics

Rural Electives (Any One)

* Corporate Social Responsibility
e Managing Cooperatives and Producers’ Collectives

Trimester-V

¢ Strategic Management

¢ Sales Management & Promotions

¢ Technology for Rural Transformation

¢ Food Processing Industries

¢ Legal Aspects (Business + Rural)
Core Electives (Any 2-3 courses based on credits)

¢ Principles of Advanced Banking

¢ Fundamentals of Wealth Management, Mutual Fund &
Insurance (Rural)

¢ Financial Modeling & Econometrics for Finance

¢ Applications of Principles of Operations

¢ Rural Marketing Finance

¢ Digital Marketing

¢ Organization Development and Change Management

Rural Electives (Any One)
¢ Managing Non-Profits
e Managing Dairy Business

Trimester-VI

¢ Sectoral Research Project (Rural or Social)

¢ Cross Functional Management - Capstone course
¢ Practical Application of Corporate Governance

¢ Public Policy Implication on Rural / AgribusinessRecent Accolades

¢ WeSchoolhas been honoured as “Gold Winner” in the category Institution that has contributed in creating 'Future Leaders
for Rural’ at RMAI - Rural Marketing Association of India Flame Awards Asia 2020.

¢ WeSchool received ‘Best Innovative Academic Practice' Award in the NHRDN HR showcase 2019. This is recognition of
WeSchool Rural management program, for unique teaching pedagogy based on Rural immersion, "Exploring the
Grassroots".

¢ WeSchool has been felicitated as 'Champion of Rural Markets 2018' for advocating rural growth through Management
Education, at the 6th Annual Economic Times, Rural Strategy Summit, Delhi.

WeSchool
{ awarded for
|) “Creating Future
Leaders in Aural”
at the virtual
T1th RMAI Flame
Awards Asia 2020 i

 

My

  

Student Achievements

¢ Mr. Arnab Saha, attended International Summer Course on Sustainable Agricultural Solutions at Ben Gurien University
(BGU), Israel from June 30 - August 4, 2022.

¢ Sujit Singh Dubal participated in Harvard College Project for Asian and International Relations (HPAIR), a Harvard
University-based student organisation, held at New Delhi.

¢ At the national level, Prince Choudhary took part in the Vodafone Tech Innovation Marathon 2022. Out of 550 company
ideas, he was given a scholarship worth INR 2 Lacs for his venture. In addition, he obtained 5 lakhs in funding for his startup
idea, the KISAN APP.

¢ Rural Students’ team got shortlisted as a national finalist in the Smart India Hackathon 2022, held at Nagpur.

¢ Gaurav Uday Surte and Aditya Yadav presented and published research paper titled: “A Managerial Perspective on
Sustainable Supply Chain Management Practices and Performance in the Indian Dairy Industry of Maharashtra and NCR” in
MET MANAGEMENT REVIEW, VOL. 9 No.2, July 2022, ISSN No. 2394-4013.

¢ Sampada Rakesh participated in the National conference MSAE 2022 held on 5th May 2022.

¢ Abhishek Shankar presented and published research paper titled: “Primary Agriculture Credit Societies' Economic Impact
on Gross State Domestic Product for Long-Term Agricultural Development” in MET MANAGEMENT REVIEW, VOL. 9 No.2,
July 2022, ISSN No. 2394-4013.Our Recruiting Partners

Students of the PGDM-Rural Management program have received an overwhelming response from companies across diverse
Industry verticals. Some of the organizations that have hired students from the Rural Management program are:

>
accenture

Amul

& CORTEVA

agriscience

Gry von

KANTAR

i@ MARUTI
i$ SuzuKi

&
ATT
Pidilite

Schneider

Electric

TransUnion

adani

Power

h

AXIS BANK

 

Sate
sande,
' U4]

ON Ae

Fae O ue

ike Mahindra Bank

&

Mercedes-Benz

Ri

RALLIS INDIA LIMITED

3

SEEDWoORKS

ee

Unilever

ie

ea

j 2

Joe < >

( mi
AZ

Deloitte.

V

Hero

Ibiep

@Zero Cost*

RBLBANK

ee
—_— =.

AN

SPANDANA

‘upc

ADITYA BIRLA

SS

emami

AX

TTC Limited

a
oS

LANDMARK

GROUP

e&

NAYARA

ENERGY

Refiance

RETAIL

syngenta

Whirlpool

v

| AROSE
Cognizant

a Technology
Solutions

—_
EY

a ICICI Bank

Mahindra

ie
SA

TATA CAPITAL

Count on us

Koy

=
Cilla

KANSAI

K
NEROLAC

CD

Mahindra
finance

PHILIPS

ae

TATA GLOBAL BEVERAGESIndustry-Profiles offered

Some of the roles offered for campus placements range from Product Manager, Sales Trainee, Management Trainee, Business

Development, Business Analyst, Senior Executive Trainee-Digital, Rural Lending, Product Manager, Relationship Manager,

Product & Portfolio, Analyst -Finance apart from others.

Cc
e)

IT/ITeS
companies

Consultant,
Product Manager,
New Product
Development
Manager,
Business
Development
Specialist etc.

e

BFSI & Fintech
companies

Risk Analyst, Product
Manager,
MT-Products
(Business & Branch
Banking), Operations
Consultant, Digital
Product Manager,
Wealth Manager,
Business Development
Specialist, Credit Risk
Analyst, Relationship
manager etc.

 

FMCG
companies

Digital Product Manager,
Customer Success
Manager, Consumer
Insights Executive,
Channel Manager,
Regional Sales Manager,
Dy Manager-Sales,
Retail Operations
Manager, Omnichannel
Partner Manager etc.

a

E-commerce
& other Digital
domain
companies

Marketplace Manager,
User Experience
Specialist, Product
Manager, Risk Analyst,
Logistics Operational
Excellence etc.

x

S
aN
©)

R
=

e/

Manufacturing
companies

Consultant- Operations,
Consultant-Automation,
MT-Lean Operations etc.

Interim Placement Facts (2021-2023)

Median Salary

<11.00

LACS PA

Maximum Salary

<24.00

LACS PA

Average Salary

~12.04

LACS PA

Placement Facts (2020-2022)

Maximum Salary Average Salary Median Salary
~16.69 <10.28 <10.57
LACS PA LACS PA LACS PAInternational Partnerships

¢ Audencia Nantes

¢ Ben-Gurian University of the Negev
¢ Copenhagen Business School

¢ Curtin University

¢ IDC Herzliya

¢ IESEG School of Management

e« MacEwan College

¢ Malardalen University

¢ Otto FredrichUniversitat

¢ Sogang University

Class of 2021-23

68% O Fresher
32 % with Work Experience

   
     

¢ Stuttgart Media University (Hochschule der Medien)
¢ Tel Aviv University

¢ University of Haifa

¢ University of Lincoln

* Steinbe is School of Management & Innovation GmgH,
Institute of Executive Capabilities (IEC) and Berlin School
of Creative Leadership GmbH (BSCL)

Education
Qualifications
of StudentsAlumni Testimonials

Ee

 

 

 

| completed summer internship at Amul and prepared “Pan-India Marketing Plan for Amul's
Cattle Feed”. As the sales team lead, a carried out awareness and activation programs in
the villages of Bhavnagar District of Gujarat which resulted in increase in sales by 170%.
This gave me the confidence and enhanced his skill set resulting into his placement in ICICI
bank. After a successful stint there i am currently working as Relationship Manager at Yes
Bank, wherein everyday interact with decision makers from various industries. This is just
the beginning.

- Akshay Sadalge (PGDM-Rural Management 2014 - 16, WeSchool Mumbai)
Relationship Leader, Yes Bank J 5

My summer internship at Pidilite taught me different perspective about rural sector while
observing the rural consumer buying behaviour in UP and Bihar. My learning at Agri-Lab in
campus was a hands-on experience of agriculture. It is now helping me immensely in my
work at UPL-Advanta Seeds.

- Nitish Wange (PGDM-Rural Management 2016 - 18, WeSchool Mumbai)
Territory Sales Manager, Advanta Seeds, UPL Ltd.

During “Exploring the Grassroots" | learnt, how to empathize with the people and
understand their problems, easily adapt to the environment, developed agility which are
very important for today's manager along with other basic skills. These skills are helping me
immensely in my current job while | interact with different stakeholders — dealers, retailers
and farmers.

- Pranjalee Choudhari (PGDM-Rural Management 2017 - 19, WeSchool Mumbai)
Business Analyst - CRM, UPL Ltd. J 5Alumni Details

= Nisha Rathod
Chief Marketing Manager
TVS Credit Services Ltd
Batch 2012-14

= Priyanka Prabhu
Learning and Development
Pidilite Industries Limited
Batch 2016-18

= Khusbhoo Sharma
Product Manager - Mobile Banking
RBL Bank
Batch 2018-20

= Deepa Bisht
Ecommerce Key Account Manager
International Markets - UAE, USA,
SG, UK, JAPAN, KSA
Soulflower Co. Ltd.
Batch 2018-20

Akhil Anil Kumar
VP & Head-ESG
IDFC First Bank
Batch 2013-15

Rachana Kumari

Sr. Consultant - Retail &
Consumer Goods

Cognizant Business Consulting
Batch 2017-19

Siddharth Vishwakarma
Senior Analyst

Deloitte USI

Batch 2018-20

Bhuwaneshwari Bedekar
Cyber Security, Consultant
EY

Batch 2018-20

= Soumyajit Paul

Consultant
Native
Batch 2015-17

Pranjalee Choudhari
Global Business Excellence
UPL Ltd

Batch 2017-19

| Ashika Verenkar

Manager - Enterprise Sales
Schneider Electric
Batch 2018-20

= Shivdas Itankar

Deputy Product Manager
Axis Bank
Batch 2019-21Eligibility
Aminimum 50% in graduation, which must be completed by June 2023.
Should have taken CAT (2022) conducted by the IIMs for the year specified in the advertisement (IIMS have no role in the

Welingkar admission process) and /or/ XAT (2023) / and / or ATMA (Feb 2023) and / or CMAT (2023) and / or GMAT (2020
onwards).

Selection Process

WeSchool's unique profile based selection process assigns significant value to academic performances, work experience,
Group Activity, Personal Interview along with the written test scores.

Tuition Fee
Tuition Fee Rs. 6,50,000/- p.a. (subject to change)

Program Summary

The growth of rural India signifies Brand India. The future of business is the vast hinterland of countryside. The rural managers
are innovators who strategically lead and sustain business in this hinterland, be it from agricultural companies to auto
production plants to FMCG etc. The curriculum takes into account the practical rural market situation and management
perspective. The program seeks to groom students into a person who is empathetic, has leadership qualities & managerial

capabilities and has an innovative mindset.Grassroots - Experiential Learning

 

S.P MANDALI'S

‘we school

Welingkar Education

S. P. Mandali’s Prin. L. N. Welingkar Institute of Management Development & Research (PGDM) (WeSchool)
L. Napoo Road, Matunga (Central Railway), Matunga, Mumbai 400 019.
Phone: 022 24198300 Extn. 8389 / 8406 | www.welingkar.org

NEOTERIC COMMUNICATIONS
File:1. 2 year pgdm 2 fold_02 December 2022.pdf
S. P. Mandali’s Prin. L. N. Welingkar Institute of Management Development & Research (PGDM) (WeSchool)
Admissions Open for 2 year Full­time PGDM Programs 
at Mumbai & Bengaluru Campus ­ 2023­2025 Batch
(RECOGNISED BY AICTE)
P R O G R A M S   O F F E R E D :
Rural Management (Emerging Economies)#
E-Business
Business Design
PGDM
Healthcare
Retail Management
Research & Business Analytics
Media & EntertainmentWeSchool ranked 16th in private 
B-Schools nationally, 4th in West Zone 
and 1st in Mumbai by Outlook 
(2023 Ranking)
National Institutional Ranking 
Framework (NIRF) ranked WeSchool, 
Mumbai 68th in Management 
Category
WESCHOOL 
MUMBAI
WeSchool Mumbai has a campus that is a hotbed of thriving new thoughts, ideas and enterprise. State-of-the-
art facilities like complete wi-fi, Innovation and Leadership Labs form an integral part of teaching methodology 
along with other new age learning tools.
PROGRAM OFFERINGS 
PGDM - 180 seats (started in 1994)
The PGDM program is a comprehensive business 
management course offering specializations in 
Finance, Marketing, HR and Operations.
PGDM ­ E­Business - 120 seats (started in 2007)
It is a techno-commercial program which is a fine blend 
of management and information technology 
addressing the needs of dynamic sectors like 
Consulting, IT, Banking, Insurance, FMCG and 
Financial Services.
PGDM ­ Business Design - 60 seats (started in 2008)
The program covers all aspects of Management and 
integrates concepts like innovation, creativity and 
design thinking into mainstream management system.
PGDM ­ Healthcare - 60 seats (started in 2011)
The program combines disciplines of Business 
Management and Healthcare. The learning 
process involves academic training in theory 
with practical application across different domains in 
Healthcare industry.
PGDM ­ Rural Management (Emerging Economies) 
60 seats (started in 2012)
The major distinguishing feature of the program provides 
a dedicated practical exposure to work effectively in the 
emerging rural economies. The program focuses on 
wealth creation through development of sustainable 
business models in the rural space.
PGDM ­ Retail Management 
60 seats (started in 2012)
The program provides a comprehensive view 
of the retail industry along with functional specializations 
across Marketing, Finance, HR and Operations.
PGDM ­ Research & Business Analytics
120 seats (started in 2016)
The program enables the student to learn how to make 
sense of the available dynamic data, information and 
knowledge. The Program transforms the student to 
become a versatile analyst & sense maker, a design 
thinker & innovator and a risk taker & leader.
PGDM ­ Media & Entertainment  
60 seats (started in 2016)
The synergistic program is intense and stimulating. We 
inspire the learner to explore media from a content 
creation framework to content management. It aims to 
create a manager who is not only aware about the 
nuances of entertainment biz but also has a skill-set to 
lead businesses in advertising, digital media marketing 
and production.WESCHOOL 
BENGALURU
The WeSchool campus situated in Bengaluru, the Silicon Valley of India is designed to nurture Design Thinking 
and Innovation. The campus layout has state-of-the-art facilities that facilitate the right environment for learning 
with the help of academically reputed faculty.
WeSchool (Bengaluru) has been accredited by 
SAQS (South Asian Quality Assurance System) 
awarded by 'The Association of Management 
Development Institutions in South Asia' (AMDISA)
National Institutional Ranking 
Framework (NIRF) ranked WeSchool, 
Bengaluru in the Top 125, 
Management Category
PROGRAM OFFERINGS 
PGDM - 60 seats (started in 2009)
The program's multi-disciplinary learning offers a fine 
blend of General Management and functional 
specialisations in Marketing, Finance, Human 
Resources and Operations. It aims to nurture you as a 
competent future manager with leadership abilities and 
an innovative mindset with an exposure to real-life 
business scenarios.
PGDM ­ Business Design & Innovation 
30 seats (started in 2010)
The program is a fine blend of management and design 
disciplines. The student is exposed to the basic theories 
of management (in broad areas of Finance, Marketing, 
HR and Operations), like principles of Marketing, 
Organisational Behaviour, Cost and Management 
Accounting, HR Management, Operations Research 
and Design subjects like tools for innovators, design in 
business, info-graphics, UX design and  much more.
PGDM ­ E­Business -120 seats (started in 2010)
The PGDM E-Business program primarily aims at 
nurturing a class of managers and leaders who have a 
strong foundation in business along with knowledge and 
experience on a wide range  of digital technologies. The 
major distinguishing feature of the two-year program is 
the unique pioneering curriculum which provides 
insights into digital convergence and specialisations in 
Marketing, Finance, Human Resources and Operations.
PGDM ­ Research and Business Analytics 
60 seats (started in 2020)
The program has been designed to provide a skill 
development journey from learning fundamentals and 
basic concepts of Analytics to data-driven strategic 
decision making across various business functions. It 
encompasses learning from fundamentals of Statistics & 
Probability to application of various Machine Learning 
algorithms in solving business problems. It exposes the 
learner to various data mining techniques; trains to build 
the story on data through data visualization; and equips 
the student with the knowledge of various analytics tools 
& language including R, Python, SPSS, Tableau, 
Power BI, JASP, BlueSky, Microsoft Excel, Knime  to 
name a few.Top Companies on Campus 

Adani Wilmar Ltd

Amazon

Accenture Technology Ltd

Cognizant Technology Solutions

Capgemini

CBRE

Citi

Deloitte USI

Darashaw

Deutsche Bank

EY

HDFC Bank

ICICI Bank

JLL

KPMG Global Services

Michael Page

Morgan Stanley

Schneider Electric

Tata Capital

Vedanta 

Viacom
PLACEMENT
STATS
Mumbai (2021-2023)
Maximum Salary
`22.00 
LACS PA
Median Salary 
`11.60 
LACS PA
Ongoing placement of batch 2021 -2023
Average Salary 
`12.30 
LACS PA
Top 50
`17.10 
LACS PA
Top 100
`15.60 
LACS PA
Top 200
`14.20
LACS PA
Mumbai (2020-2022)
Maximum Salary
`18.00 
LACS PA
Median Salary 
`9.80 
LACS PA
Average Salary 
`10.10 
LACS PA
Top 50
`14.30 
LACS PA
Top 100
`13.30 
LACS PA
Top 200
`12.20
LACS PA
Top Companies on Campus 

Accenture 

ACT Fibrenet 

Deloitte 

Digit Insurance 

Dell

Hevodata 

ICICI Bank 

Indegene 

ICICI Securities 

Oracle Technologies 

Oracle Financial Services 

PWC India 

Quadrant 

Ripplr 

Schneider Electric 

Wildcraft 

Wipro
Bengaluru (2021-2023)
Maximum Salary
`17.85 
LACS PA
Average Salary 
`10.70 
LACS PA
Top 50
`11.50 
LACS PA
Top 100
`10.80 
LACS PA
Begaluru (2020-2022)
Maximum Salary
`13.69 
LACS PA
Average Salary 
`9.33 
LACS PA
Top 25
`10.08 
LACS PA
Ongoing placement of batch 2021 -2023Ms. Prerna Sharma
Director, PwC Advisory
PGDM Healthcare Management 
Batch of 2011-13
INTERNATIONAL PARTNERSHIPS
Audencia Nantes, France
Ben-Gurian University of the Negev, 
Beer-Sheva, Israel
Copenhagen Business School, 
Denmark
Curtin University, Australia
Grand MacEwan College, Canada
Hochschule der Medien, University 
of Applied Sciences, Stuttgart, 
Germany
IDC Herzliya, Israel
IESEG School of Management, 
France
Malardalen University, Sweden
Otto Fredrich Universitat, 
Bamberg, Germany
Sogang University, South Korea
Trade and Investment Queensland, 
Australia
Tel Aviv University, Israel
University of Haifa, Israel
University of Lincoln, UK
University of Western Australia, 
Australia
VHL University of Applied 
Sciences, Netherlands
STUDENT ACHIEVEMENTS (Bengaluru)
Yash Gupta (PGDM E-Business 2020-2022)-Among Top 5 
at Auctionnaire - The Marketing Event IIM-Udaipur 
Monika Saini ( PGDM 2021-23) - Winner at National 
conference on Catalysing Change and Innovation in 
Women EntreLeadership - India Perspectives  
Kartik Patro (PGDM 2020-22) and Prapti Shetty  (RBA 
2020-22)-Presented paper HEco-friendly packaging on the 
consumer buying decisions: Determinants, Challenges and 
OpportunitiesJ at International AIB-SOUTH ASIA Chapter 
Conference HRole of International Business and Sustainable 
Development in South Asian Economies, hosted by the 
Indian Institute of Management (IIM) Visakhapatnam.   
Vishal Shewale (PGDM E-Business 2020-2022) -
1st Runner Up at OPStra - Saksham 2021 | Case Study 
Competition by Symbiosis Centre for Management and 
Human Resource Development (SCMHRD), Pune             
STUDENT ACHIEVEMENTS (Mumbai)
Prathamesh Rege from PGDM Media Entertainment 
21-23 batch won the Best Student Speaker award at the IMC 
Conference.
Team ALJKAS from PGDM 2021-23 batch won the National 
Champions of the KPMG Ideation. The ALJKAS were 
representing Team India in the International rounds of KPMG 
Ideation challenge
SWIFT Institute Student Challenge 2021 India won by 
students of PGDM 2020-22 batch
Ms. Disha Patil from PGDM Healthcare Management 2019-21 
batch, secured LThird position’ at Business Standard Best 
B-School Project Award 2020
Global Citizen Leadership Program (Mumbai & Bengaluru)
DIGNITARIES AT MUMBAI
YOUR
WESCHOOL 
Mr. Vimal Venkatram
Managing Director - India 
(Sales), Snowflake
PGDM Batch of 2003-05
DIGNITARIES AT BENGALURU
Mr. Philip Varughese Global 
Head N Applied Intelligence, 
Platforms, Engineering & 
Architecture, for DXC Security 
at DXC Technology
Ms. Shruthi Bopaiah Global 
Head - Marketing, 
Communications & Culture, 
Bridgeweave Ltd dia) ABBNo donation or capitation fees is charged for admission to any of our Programs. Nor is anyone else authorised to collect any donation or capitation fees on our behalf.
***WeSchool is the brand identity of Prin.L.N.Welingkar Institute of Management Development and Research (WeSchool) which is the legal entity 
of the institute.
Contact Details
S. P. Mandali’s Prin. L. N. Welingkar Institute of Management Development & Research (PGDM) (WeSchool)
Mumbai Campus: 
022-24198400 / 700 / 8452062782 / 
9137282627 / 9321875551
Delhi: 09212171051
ADMISSIONS OPEN 
for 2 years PGDM Programs at Mumbai and Bengaluru 
Campus for 2023 ­ 2025 (Recognized by AICTE)
For more information on program offerings, tests accepted and 
selection process log on to www.welingkar.org/pgdm 
or Scan QR code below
Eligibility: 
Candidates with minimum 50% in Degree exam from a recognised University. 
Final year students awaiting results may also apply.
Apply online on www.welingkar.org
Test Accepted: 
CAT 2022 / CMAT 2023 / XAT 2023 / ATMA 2023 / GMAT 2020 onwards. 
Tuition Fee: 
Tuition Fee Rs. 6,50,000/- p.a. (Subject to change) 
Bengaluru Campus:
9886440456 / 080-42678300
Kolkatta: 09830277120
File:2. PGDM Healthcare Brochure_final_Open_new_addition_artwork.pdf
S.P MANDALI’S

[>
Classroom + Experiential Learning Wwe sc] oo!

Welingkar Education

Healthcare: A landscape of
opportunities for professionals

Multi-healthcare domain
knowledge coupled with
general management skills

Hospitals

Pharmaceuticals

Healthcare IT

Medical Equipment & Supplies
Health Insurance

Healthcare Consulting
Lifesciences

 

PGDM Healthcare 2023-2025

2 year full-time AICTE approved Program (60 seats)

S. P. Mandali’s Prin. L. N. Welingkar Institute of Management Development & Research (PGDM) (WeSchool)INDEX

About S. P. Mandali’s
About WeSchool

From the Group Director’s Desk
Vision, Mission, Core Values

Program Overview
Program Vision And Mission
Program Educational Objectives

USPs of the Program
Faculties of Healthcare Program

Class of 2021-23
Syllabus Structure

Student Life Journey

Initiatives
Industry Engagement

Career Opportunities
Placement Facts

Recruiters
Alumni - The change makers
Student Achievements

Eligibility, Selection Process, Tuition FeesAbout S. P. Mandali’s

Founded in 1888, Shikshana Prasaraka Mandali is one of the pioneers
of educational societies in state of Maharashtra. The institution since
its inception is determined to building an environment that encourages
the spirit of free thinking, thus imparting quality education to more than
45,000 students.

 

Adv. Shri S K Jain
All the institutions of S. P. Mandali are known for their academic Chairman Managing Council,

excellence and attract students from all parts of India. S. P. Mandali S P Mandali and CDC, WeSchool
owns 43 educational institutions in the states of Maharashtra and
Karnataka including pre-primary, primary, secondary and higher
secondary schools, colleges for Arts, Science and Commerce, a
school for hearing impaired children, a therapeutic drug monitoring
laboratory, an institute carrying out research in Ayurvedic and Herbal

 

Medicine and Management Institutes. Having a diversified and

dynamic module of operation, each institution at S. P. Mandali is Shri. S R Chitale

known for its academic excellence and calls for students from across Vice-Chairman, Managing Council,
the nation. S P Mandali

About WeSchool

WeSchool is one of India's leading management education institutes with fervor to contribute socially responsible business
leaders through management education. National Institutional Ranking Framework (NIRF) list of 2022 ranks WeSchool,
Mumbai in Top 68 B Schools.

The institute's vision to nurture thought leaders and practitioners through inventive education is aligned to the thought
leadership from Shikshana Prasaraka Mandali Pune, an educational trust legacy that manages 43 equally eminent educational
institutes in Maharashtra.

The institute's thought process stems from design-thinking approach, thus bridging academia with corporate leaders for an
industry relevant management education.

         
   

~ ~ ~

Chee nano

BEET BE 2 OO an?

 
 

Mumbai CampusFrom the
Group Director's Desk

India has been a major seat of learning for thousands of
years. The country was home to both Takshashila - the first
university in the world, and to the inventor of the digit 0 -
Aryabhata.

Lately, India has undergone a paradigm shift owing to its
competitive stand in the world. The Indian economy is on a
robust growth trajectory and boasts of a stable 8 plus annual
growth rate, rising foreign exchange reserves and booming
capital markets among others.

Higher education too in India has been a continuous provider
of innovation, creativity and leadership support to the global
industry. Some of the world’s leading companies are being
headed by-products of Indian education system such as
Satya Nadella, CEO, Microsoft, Sundar Pichai, CEO, Google
Inc., Ajaypal Singh Banga, President and CEO, MasterCard,
Rajeev Suri, CEO of Nokia, Indira Nooyi, CEO of Pepsi Co. to
name a few

We are fortunate to have the representation of the voice of
key stakeholders such as policymakers, diplomats, experts,
industry professionals, members of the academia, and our
esteemed alumni in the industry, among others for the cause
of education.

There has never been a better time for management students
to start their careers in India. With the right skills and
knowledge, you can take advantage of the many
opportunities available and help drive the country's
continued economic growth.

The vision of the NEP aims at building a global best
education system rooted in Indian ethos, and aligned with
the principles, thereby transforming India into a global
knowledge superpower.

The Indian economy is growing at a robust pace and is
poised to become one of the largest economies in the world.
This growth has created a huge demand for skilled and
knowledgeable management professionals who can help
drive the country's continued economic development.

As a leading B-school, we have a crucial role to play in
shaping the future of education and in preparing our students
to become leaders in their fields. We are committed to
staying at the forefront of these changes and to providing our
students with the skills and knowledge they need to succeed
in arapidly changing world.

Over the course of the program, your fellow students
become trusted colleagues and in many cases, lifelong
friends. | invite you to embark on your path to academic and
professional excellence with us at our sprawling campuses in
Mumbai and Bengaluru which will truly enhance your
intellectual and personal growth. Keeping design and
innovation its core, WeSchool endeavors to provide newer
avenues to students towards achieving excellence in all
sphere of life and nurture them to become Global Citizen
Leaders.

Prof. Dr. Uday Salunkhe
Group Director, WeSchool\l7

/

71\

\

Vision

To nurture thought leaders and practitioners through inventive education.

Mission

* Focus on inventive education by offering practical, innovative and technology driven
programs.

» Provide managerial talent with risk managing ability, passion for learning and creative
thinking and values in rapidly evolving economic and social environment.

« Contribute significantly to Indian corporate world by preparing Management graduates
with global mindset.

* Build intellectual capital through faculty development, research, consultancy and
publication.

« Develop alumni network of mutual benefit and keep alumni update through continuous
learning and meeting.

Core Values

« Passion

« Breakthrough thinking and breakthrough execution
» Result oriented process driven work ethics

= We link and careProgram Overview

Nurturing young healthcare professionals for a post pandemic world

The healthcare industry has changed in the past decade and Covid-19 has brought focus from curative to preventive
healthcare. There is also an emphasis on improving healthcare access in Tier 2, 3, and rural areas using eHealth, loT, chatbots,
wearables, drones, etc. This will further propel growth and create job opportunities for healthcare professionals.

The program is benchmarked with the best international/national institutes with exposure to Data Analytics, Artificial
Intelligence, Machine Learning, Robotic Process Automation, Chatbots, Drones, Health Informatics, Digital Marketing, and
applications of emerging technologies in healthcare. It covers all practical aspects of modern healthcare in the areas of the
pharmaceutical, hospital, medical device, health insurance, healthcare IT, informatics, analytics, and health centric
economics, along with key management skills.

Learners are sensitized to have empathy, a human-centered approach, outlook towards sustainable solutions, and humane
touch. WeSchool is one of the few B-Schools offering a two-year full-time program in healthcare.

Year 1: Focus is on providing exposure to all healthcare segments and building strong foundation in general management.

Year 2: Emphasis is on enriched learning about healthcare segments where students choose between two specializations,
Hospital Administration and Pharmaceutical & Life Sciences Management.

Program Vision

To nurture healthcare management practitioners and thought leaders through inventive education.

Program Mission

¢ Contemporary Education: To focus on inventive education by offering practical, innovative, and technology-driven
healthcare management courses.

¢ Social and Economic Perspective: To instill healthcare and business management talent with a passion for learning,
and the ability to critically analyze, and communicate while retaining values in a rapidly evolving economic and social
environment.

¢ Industry Ready professionals and Entrepreneurs: To contribute significantly to the healthcare sector by preparing
industry-ready professionals with a global perspective and encouraging entrepreneurship by leveraging stakeholders
from the industry.

¢ Ecosystem to nurture leadership: To build healthcare management intellectual capital through faculty development,
research, consultancy, and publication.

Program Educational Objectives (PEOs)

¢ Exhibit healthcare centric knowledge and general management skills

¢ Practice critical thinking, problem solving skills, design thinking, sustainability, technology in healthcare sector

- Become versatile professionals and future employers in healthcare sectorwith sensitivities of care and humane touch

¢ Generate intellectual capital in collaboration with multiple stakeholders to tackle business, social and technical challengesUSPs of the Program

¢ Program provides exposure to diverse industry-relevant and futuristic curriculum allowing one to switch career direction
from undergraduate degree.

¢ Emphasis is on experiential learning. Field Work, Pharmaceutical Plant visit, Hospital Visit, NGO visit/interaction,
Peer-to-peer learning, Samawesh, Self-determined learning, Simulations, Projects, Games, Crossword puzzles,
Prototyping, etc. are various interventions to increase experiential learning for healthcare students.

¢ Personalized attention to all healthcare students is given through buddy program, need based grooming, guidance for
competitions and start-ups, counseling, etc.

¢ Networking opportunities are provided to gain experience from peers, seniors, alumni, industry experts, and guest faculty of
diverse backgrounds

¢ Students transform from Consumers of content to Creators of content by writing& publishing articles, case studies, and
research papers

¢ Students are groomed to excel at various State, National and corporate level competitions.

Faculties of Healthcare Program
Healthcare team has multi disciplinary skills among faculties
Dr. Aaswari Nalgundwar

Public Health Administration
Hospital Operations

Dr. Anjali Kumar
Associate Professor & Program
InCharge - Healthcare Management

  

Prof. Dr. Garima Sharma
HR & Research

Ms. Sanghamitra Sharma
Pharmaceuticals, Regulatory,
International business

 

Dr. Chaitra Khole
Business Research

Prof Dr. Dattajirao Patil
ResearchClass of 2021-23

18 of O Fresher
22 of 0 with Work Experience

Syllabus Structure

Year 1

  
     

 
  
 
    

 
  
  
   
 
   

 
 
  

22%

Pharmacy

25%
Sciences/
Lifesciences

22%
Commerce/

Business
Management

Education
Qualifications
of Students

  
  
      
   
   

17%
Medical and
Allied
Healthcare

  

14%

Engineering

Perspective Management

Financial Reporting and Analysis

Marketing Principles

Business Statistics

Introduction to Emerging Technologies

Healthcare Systems & Public Health
Administration

Business Design

Introductory Economics for
Managers

Organizational Behaviour
Basics of Business Communication

Healthcare Field visits

Global Citizen Leader

Cost and Management Accounting

Basics & Practical Applications
of Corporate Governance

Consumer Behaviour

Basics of Pharmaceutical
Management

Hospital Operations

Medical Devices and Technology
Management

Quantitative Techniques

Market Research Methods

Basic Visual Analytics

IT for Healthcare 1

Fundamentals of Health Insurance

Legal Aspects of Business

Global Citizen Leader

Fundamentals of Financial
Management

Business Taxation

Integrated Marketing
Communications

Production & Quality
Management

Planning and Designing of
Healthcare Facilities
Advanced Analytics

Human Resource Management

Project ManagementYear 2

International Business Integrative Manager Industry Immersion Project -
Master Dissertation Project

Strategic Management Direct Marketing and CRM

Product & Brand Management Services Management

Logistics and Supply Chain Healthcare Entrepreneurship

Management in Healthcare

IT for Healthcare 2 NGO and CSR Management

Economics of Business Environment Health Economics & Pharmaco
Economics

Insurance operations and Product Design

Summer Internship Project

Hospital Administration - Compulsory Domain

Healthcare Marketing Quality Assurance & Accreditation
of Healthcare Organizations

Healthcare Informatics Legal Framework and Ethics
in Healthcare

Pharmaceutical & Lifesciences Management - Compulsory Domain

Marketing Management Pharmaceutical Brand
Management
Pharma Sales Management Overview of Clinical Research &

Pharmaco vigilance

Student
. Summer
Life Journey Internships

Live projects
from Trim 1 @
© Master
Faculty dissertation
@® mentor for

summer

internships
Faculty Mentor
assigned in @
Student Trimester 1 oe .
Induction 4) Executive
Program placement
Allocation
of Buddy in
Trimester 1
Start of 2nd year

and selection of
specialization

Introduction to 2
Healthcare ProgramInitiatives

¢ Healthcare Field Visits: It provides exposure to the healthcare industry and its various stakeholders.

¢ Peer-to-Peer learning (Samawesh): It gives opportunity to students to develop self-learning skills and to build
communication and soft skills in the students.

¢ Industry Immersion Visit: This is part of the experiential learning and tours are organized for the students to gain
knowledge about industry functioning and to have a holistic view of the industry.

Industry Engagement

Various engagement initiatives are

Wweschoal

conducted by the Program in physical
and online mode.

Live webinar on the evolution of Business
models in life sciences industry was The Evolution of
organized with Dr. Brian Smith, Principal Business Models Ta

Advisor, Pragmatic Limited, Welwyn, the Life Sciences
England on 21 August, 2020. Industry |

eS S|

ee

 

Leadership talk by Nishanth Saxena
CEO, International Business Cipla on
9th Nov. 2020

 

 

cy
Cp ene Maree
Cisde, J
Fireside chat leadership session was a echo
. . . ©) @iGiggit. ge

organized with Mr Haresh Kewani, ‘ . A,

re rr a
Director, Bristol Myers Squibb, New Leadersnip Tark
Jersey, USA on 16 January 2021. He
delivered a session on Multichannel

i j z

marketing and brand expansion Multsachanne!l Marketing &
strategies in healthcare. frond £& xpansion 5 trotegies™

= =) = egak Pepe

SS oe ee ee
fee 2

=

as

 

 

10Career Opportunities

Every student is provided individual attention and mentored to discover their innate abilities and interests in healthcare
segments like pharmaceutical, hospital, medical device, health insurance, healthcare IT, consulting, etc to become sound
professionals such as:

International/Domestic/Digital Marketing Manager

Product Manager

International/Domestic Business Development Manager

Institutional Sales/Key Account Manager

Sales Specialist/Manager
Healthcare Business Analyst
Research Associate/Consultant/Advisor — Healthcare

Healthcare IT Consultant

Healthcare IT Sales Manager

Logistics and Supply Chain Manager
Hospital Operations Manager
Clinic/Branch/Floor Manager

Hospital Planning and Design Consultant
Health Claims Manager

Life Insurance — Operations/IT Manager
Healthcare Talent Acquisition Manager

Interim Placement Facts (2021-2023)

Maximum Salary Average Salary Median Salary

~18.00 <12.05 ~10.93

LACS PA LACS PA LACS PA

Placement Facts (2020-2022)

Maximum Salary Average Salary Median Salary

~18.00 <9.89 <10.00

LACS PA LACS PA LACS PA

1112

Some of our recruiters

Pharmaceuticals

eo

ree
a
Ra
“eine
NAVICARE”™

Anshul Life Sciences
emanng nanan wdtg a

Medical
Devices

Consulting

KANTAR

i CitiusTech

CZ kotak lif

ALKEM
Syngene

P. D. HINDUJA HOSPITAL

& MEDICAL RESEARCH CENTRE

AAscent

a4 & Pharma

 

Cognizant

Manipal @Cigna

CLARIANT

 

@ GE Healthcare

Deloitte.

Healthcare IT

Glenmark

Anew way for a new world

Healthcare
Providers

‘St Jude Indie ChildCare Centres

Notrezy’
ohinnon. olen

E Y Building » better
working murid

>
accenture
(9 hoenix mpliance

RELIANCE
General Insurance

 

RAMAN & WEIL Pvt. Ltd.

— Ry aa

PHILIPS

C. nie
Insurance

@ SBI Life

INSURANCE
‘With Us, You're Sure

lybrage

Life Science /
Wellness

SAMARTH

\ smith&nephew
SIQOVIA

|}cerner

BAJAJ
FINSERV

 

WITH YOU ALWAYSAlumni - The change makers

 

Prerna Sharma
Director

PwC Advisory
Batch 2011-13

 

Niraj Patil

Product Manager
Innovation Lab, TATA AIG
Batch 2013-15

 

Dr. Afsha Chevelwalla
Management Consultant
McKinsey & Company
Batch 2012-14

 

Komal Kadaba

Co-founder

Karmasukom Edibles @ Nutrezy
Batch 2013-15

 

Prabir Banerjee

Product Manager

In ViVo Pre Clinical Assays, USA
Batch 2012-14

 

Hemant Baviskar
Account Manager

Hilti North America
Batch 2014-16

1314

Student Achievements

Students are given opportunities to participate in various extra-curricular activities creating well-rounded professionals.

 

A RECAP OF OUR 3

Top Video of 2020

   

MOST WATCHED VIDEC
NEW VIEWS - EXPERIENCES Of A GLOBAL CARE:
WHITING COLLASOUATIVETN A TIME OF DERE TOM

@

 

 

3 PDGM Healthcare students authored case writing with
WeSchool and international faculty in a unique experience
and exposure 7.

 

"weschool

AN OUTSTANDING FEAT
FOR THE ONES THAT STAND OUT.

Congratulating Dr. Disha Patil on winning the third position at
BS best B-school project award 2020.

Her work in the Assistive Technology platform for Autism Spectrum Disorder
was greatly admired.

PGDM, Healthcare Management |
2019 - 2021 Batch

 

 

Dr. Disha Patil (PGDM Healthcare 2019-21) stood third at
Business Standard best B-School Project Award,2020.

 

‘weschool

AiTo lac) de]

® Track A Vaccination & Immunization

How can problem of cold storage of vaccine due to irregular
electricity supply and transportation issues due to poor
accessibility be solved?

8 Enhancing the features of the last mile portable storage box for
vaccines to be delivered in tribal areas dealing with accessibility
issues faced by government vaccine delivery systems

PCT celiteLg
(MMs)

RYoUi for diy
Chintakindi
(GDM HealthCare)

Amisha Mudgal

(PGOM- Business Design)

Pratik D Sumbe
(PGDM)

 

 

 

"weschool
Team Vifal Kare
a) Track D: Medical Devices for Improving Neonatal Care

© Neonatal deaths due to hypothermia during transport in
low-resource settings is a majorly unrecognized challenge

An indigenous, low-cost, temperature-controlled,
wearable device, to prevent hypothermia and increase
compliance to kangaroo mother care (KMC) in neonates.

5
ny
Fr) |
j
Hie.
eal ere UT) El on

eee) Rio tre
ey Bush

|
=a.

COU Tee)

ier ee)

ENT)
Aen)
(GDM Healthcare)

OCU elie
eet)

ear
(User)

ba

 

 

 

 

Ms Santosh Chintakindi (PGDM Healthcare 2020-22) and
team won the first prize in Maharashtra State Hackathon in
Vaccination and Immunization Track in April 2021.

Mr Aniket Narkar, Ms Ayushi Shrivastava, Ms. Prathiksha
Shetty and Mr Sanket Pidadi (all PGDM Healthcare 2020-22
students) won the first prize in Maharashtra State Hackathon
in Medical Devices for Improving Neonatal Care in April 2021.Smart India Hackathon 2022 Winners Team : The Mind Brewers

 

    
 
   
 
  
  
   

Organizers

A! :

& Ministry of Ba mors GER )

oS Esucation, > INNOVATION CELL So mora? (1 oa I

= eS (GOVERNMENT OF INDIA eee LJ (é) [omg
re” Persistent = st Kishotser

Participating

Ministry/Industry SIH Software Edition VA

  

RSP se wit tara
Min’ MINISTRY OF Vy
G3 JAL SHAKTI nV oe \

   
 
 

 

)MART INDIA
1ACK aN
20

  
  

 

 

Student team Members from PGDM Healthcare 2021-23 batch: Sagar Verma, Parthvi Mehta, Mahek Kawle, Kartik Kourav,
Sonal Patil, Aishwarya Pusdekar. Team Mentor - Dr Anjali Kumar

PRESENTS

A Seminar on

SIGHT ,

   
   
    
 

  

ley” 1 Ng

= ed

 

 

Kajol, Pranay and Priyal of HC 2022-24 batch securing second prize in poster competition of 'A seminar on Fight Cancer Find
the Cure'

15Suitability for the PGDM Healthcare

Graduates with MBBS, BDS, BAMS, BHMS, BPharm, BSc Paramedical Technology, Physiotherapy, Occupational Therapy,
Biomedical/Bioengineering, Biotech, Life Sciences, and Engineering degrees. Candidates with minimum 50% in Degree exam
from a recognized University. Final year students awaiting results may also apply. Those with prior experience or interest in
healthcare are suitable irrespective of educational background. All education background students can join and do well in
PGDM Healthcare program, if interested in healthcare.

Follow us to learn about what Healthcare students do:
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/pgdmhealthcare/

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/pgdm-healthcare-welingkar-mumbai/

Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/pgdmhc

Twitter: https://twitter.com/HealthcarePgdm

YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFhcywUwA5GqutjbnHkprNg

 

PGDM Healthcare program website:
https://www.welingkar.org/programmes/full-time-programme/mumbai/pgdm-health-care-management

Eligibility

Aminimum 50% in graduation, which must be completed by June 2023.

Should have taken CAT (2022) conducted by the IIMs for the year specified in the advertisement (IIMS have no role in the
Welingkar admission process) and /or/ XAT (2023) / and / or ATMA (Feb 2023) and / or CMAT (2023) and / or GMAT (2020
onwards).

Selection Process

WeSchool's unique profile based selection process assigns significant value to academic performances, work experience,
Group Activity, Personal Interview along with the written test scores.

Tuition Fee
Tuition Fee Rs. 6,50,000/- p.a. (subject to change)

S.P MANDALI'S

‘we school

Welingkar Education

S. P. Mandali’s Prin. L. N. Welingkar Institute of Management Development & Research (PGDM) (WeSchool)
L. Napoo Road, Matunga (Central Railway), Matunga, Mumbai 400 019. Phone: 022 24198300 Extn. 8822 /8151 | www.welingkar.org

NEOTERIC COMMUNICATIONS
